Friends give me help when I need them the most. They make me laugh, they give me
practical assistance whenever I need them. They're just a real source of joy in my life.
When I see my dear friends going through difficult times but still serving
Jehovah, that really encourages me with my trials. Friendship, it just enhances
and enriches a person's life. I don't think that friendship is something that I
find unnatural. I'm shy by nature, I'm hesitant by nature, I feel inadequate by nature.
In my mind, Barric was simply Jeremiah's secretary. I'd never considered that
after spending so much time together it would have allowed them to go closer as
friends. When I studied the article about Jeremiah and Barric, it made me
reflect on friendships that I have but when you work together for Jehovah, it takes
your friendship to another level. Jehovah's people will have a depth and a
dimension to their friendships which will not be shared by those who are not serving
Jehovah. In the article I really loved at the point about communication, being
open with others, it allows them to be welcome with you and that just allows
a friendship to flourish. I can have a very bad view of myself. I appreciated the
reminder that you will see the bad side of any friend. That's just normal but
good friends remind you of your good side that is like Jehovah talking and
reminding me how much I'm loved by him. I'd heard that Keith and older brother
was returning to Britain for some medical treatment. He was much loved deeply
respected. You try and picture and imagine what's going through his mind, his
fears, anxieties. I felt very inadequate but I realised it would be the loving
and kind thing to do to speak to him. So we spent some time together we talked
I felt honored just to say a prayer with someone like that. I was really touched
by Keith's response. He clearly deeply appreciated that and I felt thrilled to have
done just a little something that helped that supported him. I've worked with
someone that I never expected to become very close to. Charlotte, she's the
opposite to me but I came to realise quite early on she's an amazing listener.
Charlotte is more than a friend. She's now a family. I love my family very very
much. At the moment I am the only one in my family who is one of Jehovah's
witnesses but I've never felt I was truly alone. Jehovah always provided
brothers, sisters, mothers you know uncles aren't easy. He's always given me
everyone I needed. I feel I've had a lesson powerfully reinforced of the blessings
of genuine friendship. When we make an effort just to give Jehovah a little
something that you can add is blessing. In my experience the person you don't
expect actually turns out to be a very special friend. When you work with
different brothers and sisters I really appreciate they are gifts from Jehovah.
And so give all of you into one. Working hard for Jehovah and being genuine
that will attract other brothers and sisters. We will never forget the
friendships that we make right now. Jehovah will use those friendships to help
us through the great tribulation.